in front of my very eyes thousands and
thousands of copies popping out of the
huge noisy machine and printing factory
in Suffolk that's what I spent the day
when I watched my first book getting
published and it was one of the most
amazing days of my entire life
my name is Larry J and from London and
I've just written my first novel called
by the time you read this it's due out
in July and it's published by Harper
Collins you could say that I blogged my
way to publication not black but blogs
because i've been blogging since 2002
basically the blog was about my journey
to get him published the highs and the
lows actually there were mostly lows
because I just couldn't get an agent
then I got an agent and then wrote a
novel it wasn't that great so started
again and then I started again but then
one day I just got off bed and I thought
you know I've had enough of this
publishing lark i'm just going to write
anything just something that I want to
read and that's when by the time you
read this was born I wrote six thousand
words that morning just up the cup of my
head because I knew this is a story for
me
I was jumping about like a mad woman
screaming the work such as could believe
that my book was being printed and in
front of me too wow wow wow it was like
finding out that father Christmas was
real it was like being let into a huge
toy store the night before Christmas yep
I felt like a child again the manatees
are very lovely to us it's been a long
time looking after us and explained what
every single piece of machinery did the
paper the printing the colors I've never
felt so involved in binding out of a
machine or excited because this was
actually printed my book
I know that when I saw the proofs a few
months back I couldn't really make up my
mind about the cover basically because I
couldn't get over the fact that my name
was on the front of a book but again
that all changed today seen it in all
its in Boston shiny glory I quickly need
that I did indeed adore the cover it is
lovely it is beautiful and I said it of
all honestly one of the most original
fresh and innovative covers I've ever
seen hey but that's just my opinion
magid to open it for the first time by
the time you read this so this book my
new book by the time you read this it's
a story I've always wanted to write and
I hope you enjoy it as much as I have